Of course you can go to the Chu family.
That's exactly what I mean.
Manager Chu Yu suffered a loss with you last time
Why did you take the initiative to run to him?
Good manager
I didn't expect you to talk big
You have to be responsible at the critical moment.
As long as you can go to the Chu family tonight
Stop them from forming a business alliance
I recognize you as a grandson-in-law
Let you respect our industrialist old lady with dignity
I mean it.
The old man speaks without words
Then I'll make a bet with you too
If you can stop the Chu family from forming a business alliance today
I'll apologize to you for what happened today.
And call you Brother Xiao
Sure, then you have to do what you say.
This trip tonight
After all, it's a big danger
It will lose adults
So let me go
I'm old anyway
Don't go, dad
Don't worry about Wang Feng.
No need, this little thing doesn't bother you.
But the third
If you say you want to go, don't fight anymore.
Little Junlin, since you are going to Ye's house
What gift do you bring, just ask
I can satisfy you, but gifts are unnecessary.
I can be humane.
When are you still trying to be strong?
Since Xiao Junlin said that no agent is required
Let's see.
How did he get the Chu family's forgiveness empty-handed?
All right.
It's getting late.
Zhiling, hurry up and go
We are here waiting for your good news
Don't worry, prepare some hot water at night
Right
I suspect they were charitable back then
Mohui
OK